Update developer-guide.md (#646)
grafana/grafana-plugin-sdk-go: contribute/developer-guide.md

If you want to create a new version of the SDK for release, follow these steps:

> - Make sure you have install `gorelease` with `go install golang.org/x/exp/cmd/gorelease@latest`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure that you have `gorelease` installed
   - If not, run `go install golang.org/x/exp/cmd/gorelease@latest`
```

v0.123.0 is a valid semantic version for this release.
```

> 

Author: No. you can see a preview of the file here https://github.com/grafana/grafana-plugin-sdk-go/blob/academo-update-contribute/contribute/developer-guide.md
